[AUDIO LOGO]
>> The reality is that
we're all light beings.
You probably know
that hopefully by now.
And what I've started to
learn about in my backdrop
is really I've always
studied ancient traditions
and tried to make
modern technology.
My dad was a Silva instructor.
Anybody ever hear of
Silva, the Silva method?
I was fortunate enough to
be brought up on that method
and learned at a very
early age what to do.
So I want to share with you
some of the things that I think
are really important, especially
for this day and age, what's
going onto us, because we're
at a war for our brain.
And people are trying
to take it over.
And it's happening
at a quantum level.
It's not happening
at the level where
you think physically,
mentally, or emotionally
where you should be.
So we all have something
called a brain,
and most people have never
been taught how to use it.
We think the world
happens to us.
The reality is the world
happens through us.
You are less solid
than you are space.
And where you really
live is right here.
We have 40,000 neutrino cells.
That's your heart brain.
That's the one that
controls the whole show.
But when you're in a
state of fight or flight,
which is a survivor brain,
you can't make good decisions.
In fact, if most people took a
stress test that we used to give
in the '70s and '80s, they
would not make a decision at all
today.
It used to be, hey, if
you're changing your job,
you're getting a divorce,
whatever's going on,
you're going to have
to not make decisions
until all those
things are resolved.
Now, we're all being hit
with stress all the time,
so we need to have
ways to handle that.
Mike Tyson said it best.
He said everybody has a
plan until they get hit.
So what are you doing
when you get hit,
and every day that happens?
So most people are running
around in their primitive brain,
trying to make
decisions, trying to act,
but we're living in
a whole new reality.
Most of you might not
know this, but right now,
as we're sitting here, you
are an 810-nanometer light
generating machine.
810-nanometer light
is infrared light.
When you walk into the
room with somebody,
you are photically changing
and exchanging information.
They say communication
is 87% nonverbal,
we now know that some
of that information
is being exchanged through
biophotic exchange.
That also happens at
the cellular level.
As soon as you are under
stress, your energy diminishes.
So think of it like
what's happening right now
in the world with stress.
It's like having a
bonfire and somebody put
wet leaves on top of it.
The fire is still
smoldering under there,
but it's not as big and
bold as it should be.
And the reality is that you
are far greater than people
have told you about.
You just don't know
how to activate that.
So the most under--
the nutrient that most
people don't know about
and is under
prescribed is light.
We have a lot of light
vendors over there,
but we need to get
light into our body
because every cell
needs that light.
Every cell of your
body has something
called a chromophore, which
is a little battery that
absorbs energy.
It absorbs it through
light, sound, and vibration.
When you're scared, you don't
care about the environment
anymore, you're fleeing.
So all those
sensory systems that
are in the body that
are absorbing energy,
stop absorbing energy and
go just into survivor mode.
And if you get locked into
that mode, you can't heal.
So when you're thinking about
getting on your computer,
especially first thing in
the morning, a lot of people
have a lot of bad things
to say about blue light.
A lot of it's BS I'm
going to tell you
right now, because if we
didn't have blue light,
everybody would have
seasonal affective disorder.
We need blue light.
The problem is we don't need
as much of it as at night
and we don't need the
bad light that's on right
now with all the things.
When you think about
ancient traditions,
how did we come
down from the day?
Imagine you get up in the
morning, the light of the sun,
it wakes you up because it
triggers norepinephrine,
dopamine, and cortisol.
You don't run out to the
kitchen and get coffee.
In fact, that's
probably the worst thing
you can do first
thing in the morning.
Because as soon as
your brain knows
you're going to do its work for
it, it stops doing its work.
So we need to figure
out ways to do that.
That's why people say you
shouldn't look at your phone
first thing in the morning.
But the reality is you shouldn't
put any biologics into your body
either other than water
and minerals, maybe.
So when you're thinking
about what's going on,
how you start your
day, there's a saying,
win the morning, win the day.
So if you were to follow
me around in the morning,
I take 3 hours to do my thing.
I really pamper
myself in the morning.
And I started a long time ago
studying with Yogi Bhajan.
We'd get up at 3:30 in
the morning and do yoga.
So Yogi Bhajan is
not around anymore.
I don't live in Phoenix,
so I do my own thing.
I get up and do all
my little biohacks.
And I have a good friend
of mine came over.
He says, you know, you
should train all your doctors
to have just what you have
up in your upstairs bedroom.
Well, it's a big room that
we have with a pool table,
but it's also got you walk
around and you do a 3-hour
routine up there.
I know that my body
needs some help.
I'm now a young age
of 62, and I plan
on being around for a long time.
But we've got to feed ourselves.
We can't feed ourselves
by feeding ourselves
negative thoughts,
negative emotions.
The average person has 80,000
thoughts a day and over 90%
of them are negative, they say.
So depending upon what
book you're reading.
And that's because
of our upbringing.
Not our upbringing here today,
but our genetic upbringing.
You are the sum total of every
person in your genetic lineage
back to the very
beginning of time.
And it's resonating,
vibrating, and teeming
with energy inside of you.
And that resonant
frequency unlocks that code
of who you are in that moment.
So when you're meditating, it's
not about you at that moment.
It's about how are you going
to interface with the field.
Our NIH actually 4 years ago
said we have a biosphere.
They actually admitted that we
have an energy field around us.
The medical community did.
That biosphere is what
you're calming down
because when you walk
into the room, guess what?
They can read your HRV
from 18 feet away now.
You are showing up in
the room that you're
going into before you
arrive physically.
Your spirit or your
energy is ahead of you.
So we need to calm that down.
When we think of how they
did it in the ancient times,
when you would have stress,
because imagine waking up
in the morning, your whole
job is to go gather or hunt.
At the end of the day, maybe
you did it, maybe you didn't.
Maybe you were fasting that day
because you didn't get the hunt
or you didn't find the berries.
But at night, what
would they do?
They'd have a drum circle
or they'd have a fire.
Now, what is that fire doing?
How many people have ever
been mesmerized by a fire?
That fire is actually resonating
at 10 Hertz frequency.
10 Hertz happens to be alpha.
Every fire.
I still remember going into
AIIMS Bhopal and Dr. Varun said,
you know, Patrick,
you're cheating
when you're teaching people to
meditate with those goggles.
I said, what do you mean?
He goes, well, we took a guru
up on stage and we imitated.
I took a guru's brain map,
and then I took somebody
who had never meditated and
had them do a brain tap session
that matched that brain.
He said, they cheated.
They didn't even meditate.
They didn't practice.
I said, that's because the
body learns differently
than you think.
The body learns through
vibratory information.
You know everything
in the universe.
You just don't
have access to it.
So how do you get access to it?
The rishis will tell you
it comes from being still,
getting into the
field, relaxing.
So as you think about it, when
you think about sunlight--
and your eyes, by the
way, when people say,
why do you have
lights in the eyes?
Your eyes have more
mitochondria per centimeter
than any other part of the body.
And that mitochondria
is designed
to absorb and transmit light.
That's your
metabolism, by the way.
The more your metabolism can
absorb light and transmit light,
the higher your metabolism.
If you don't have
energy, you don't absorb
and you don't transmit.
That's why we have
people in our lives.
We call drainers.
Some people call
them energy vampires
because they don't
have enough energy,
so they seek out
people with energy
to get that energy
because they know it.
You want to be the person
that walks in the room
and gets a little
brighter, not the person
that walks in the room
gets a little dimmer.
And that's because you have
to floss your own cells,
just like we floss our teeth.
You need to tune it up
every day because people
are coming after you.
But we have the protection
necessary because when you're
blowing out that energy--
and that energy
starts from the heart.
During COVID, they
did a study that
showed people who were in a
state of gratitude and peace
and love were projecting 200
times more light from their body
than--
they call it luminescence.
It's in our cells, every cell.
They measure it now for beauty.
But the reality is it's
actually who we are.
When you see somebody
go, you're glowing.
That's because they are glowing.
You're glowing.
So we need to tune in
to that light source.
And that's how we get it.
Fires do it when
you're by the ocean.
Music can do it.
If you've ever
meditated to music,
get into what they
call the Mozart effect.
When you get your
body into sync,
you can get energy from
music, sound, vibration.
So feed your frequencies.
Think of your environment.
It's all about you being
in-sync with your environment.
As soon as you are,
your field expands.
And when you get into stress, we
now know your field restricts.
So we want to expand our field.
When I say I want to
better a billion brains,
imagine there's something called
the Maharishi effect where
they did, they prayed and they
meditated and they changed
in 41 different studies,
empirical evidence
that they changed Washington,
DC prison systems, school
systems just by a group of
people like-minded praying.
So imagine every
morning when you
meditate not just for
yourself, but for the world.
That's what we're
talking about here.
So imagine, we can't always go
to the ocean but what we can do
is your brain doesn't know
the difference between real
or imagined.
So when we look at
ancient traditions,
we would have traditions, go to
the ocean, go to the mountains.
When you go to the ocean,
it's 10 Hertz frequency.
That's alpha.
Alpha gives you a gamma
spike and a delta spike.
That means that your brain
now regulates itself.
That's why going to the
ocean, when people say,
I love the ocean,
acetylcholine is
released, different,
other neurotransmitters.
The other is when you
go to the mountains,
you're going to release Gaba.
And I said, Varun,
do you know why
the gurus go to the mountains?
He goes, because they
want to be alone.
I said, no, they're cheating.
He goes, what do you mean?
I said, when you sit
in the mountains,
it's 7.8 Hertz frequency.
They're sitting
in a gamma field.
So now their body creates gamma,
so we're going to fake that out.
Now, today we have technology.
It's over here.
You can play with it.
It's all over here
because the quantum world
is opening up for all of us.
We're all quantum beings and
we're not here by accident.
So I'm going to encourage
you to be part of the mission
to better a billion
brains and help
us to change the world by
changing yourself first,
of course, and then
changing the world.
Thank you.
[APPLAUSE]
[AUDIO LOGO]